hey everybody Matthews guitar here and a
new album just came out today even
though it's been out a couple days
illegally and actually all the songs
have been reduced legally one by one
each today but uh in a physical form
Megadeath supercollider has been
released for example I have the limited
edition size of school hologram thingy
on hooray and I like that a lot so
before I begin this review i want to say
these things first for example the
tracklisting kingmaker which is the
first single super collider which is the
second single that's Baltimore famous
single one that's getting most
talked-about burn which I like bill for
wore off the edge dance in the rain
beginning of sorrow blackest crow forget
to remember don't turn your back cold
sweat and for this deluxe edition there
are three bonus tracks all I want it
helps divide it and countdown to
extinction live which is the obviously
organ release a long time ago by its as
a bonus track so now I'm going to walk
you through the deluxe edition manual
some cool art and the cool CD and stuff
like that see I guess I could show you
the inside of the CD thing here of
course there's a bitch-ass lawn mower in
the way of my audio recording here but
there's nothing I did buy that position
one starts it never ends so right now I
got a slight here the unhallowed graphic
edition let's open it up here cool
poster things lots of cool artwork and
give you a little bit us Avant stuff
lyrics another poster figure I'll had
obvious cool stuff some writing you can
read about the band members is a pretty
cool little thing they added on you'll
see when you read it more thick
LED stuff him stealing something off the
Robo Vikram has I'm giant thing band
members of mess son showing off the band
members in the background and dave
mustaine the front and more linear notes
so that is the manual in case you guys
who pirate music don't have the manual
like me so let's get into the actual
songs now shall we what we're going to
do here is to go one by one I'm not
gonna go to four deaths because I don't
want to spoil it for you so let's start
kingmaker which is I was the first
single off the album I mean every second
like the first one off here and it's a
single so if probably the fastest song
off the album that sounds a lot like
chosen of the grey if I'd like that but
I don't care because they're a lot of
songs to sound like a lot of songs for
example Overkill's new album the
electric gate just came out with a wish
you were dead which kinda sounds like
painkiller so I and no one complained
about that so I don't have any problems
with this super collider which is the
most talked-about signal overly happy
for some people but I enjoyed it the
first son wasn't too and I still like it
so I number three is burn I love this
song I love the course everything is
when one thing I run with every single
song next deal fire always rhymes with
desire vegetables ozzy osbourne's desire
rhymes burning like fire desire this one
has something with desire to burn fire
something like that always every single
sign my ball Speier has to do something
with desire which sucks so built for
water song number for that song has also
been released legally through like
online websites and stuff like that what
the hell happened to my lights oh I
guess the power is up on my mac is still
going on and AC still going on carrying
on off the edge great song dance in the
rain is a song of David dreaming guest
vocal anon year I thought I can never
get away from this guy disturbed I'm
trying to stay away from
vice am i interested in and now is it
negative two but a good song it's low in
the mix you can't really hear me it's
more devastating some people been
complaining about that and I could see
where they're coming from as well don't
want to hear everything I don't know man
so it's a beginning of sorrow another
good song blackest crow but a banjo
intro which mountain to make people are
digging but I don't see what's so bad
about a big variety and it's also you
know it's distinguishable between the
rest of the songs now forget to remember
another good song don't turn your back
there's a period this one that happened
a long time ago off their website
they're previewing the album cover very
good so cold sweat good song and then
few bonus songs all I want house divided
in count them to station all good so I
don't know why people always a
complaining about this album because I
think it's very good I had to be honest
I got into it right away endgame I'm
still not completely into like couple
songs and getting into it but this one a
guy into right away and also this thing
came with it uh this made that life
thing I'll go further into depth with
this once you know more informations
released i'll make a video of it
probably the next couple days or so
because i'm going to make my black 7 13
review also coming soon or probably
tomorrow so that was my review everybody
stay tuned for more stuff like a amon
amarth pronounce it right for once new
to see what the gods i'm gonna make some
more battle jacket updates patches
collections CD updates and whichever so
stay tuned for all that guys all right
see you later